[EDU-4462] edge storage objects cli (#910)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/cli/azion-cli/commands/create/create.mdx

    - [Origins](#origins). 
    - [Variables](#variables).
    - [Personal tokens](#personal-tokens).
    - [Edge Storage bucket](#edge-storage-bucket).
    - [Edge Storage object](#edge-storage-object).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The `--help` option displays more information about the 'create edge-storage bucket' command.

---

## Edge Storage object 

#### Usage

```bash
$ azion create edge-storage object --bucket-name 'mynewbucket' --object-key 'path/to/my/remote/file.txt' --source './local/file.txt'
```

#### Required flags

##### bucket-name

The `--bucket-name` flag sets the name of the Edge Storage bucket where the object will be stored.

##### object-key

> The `--object-key` flag sets the name of the object to be stored in the bucket. It can also be used to indicate a full file path (like 'path/to/file/bucket/file.txt').

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `--object-key` flag sets the name of the object to be stored in the bucket. It can also be used to indicate a full file path (such as 'path/to/file/bucket/file.txt').
```
